README.md, before:

# study-abroad-bot

Bot for students to get informations for studying abroad

# configure repository

Run `make config` to configure this repository with the required clean and smudge filters. Clean and smudge filters are used to clean (format,
remove secret values, etc...) before commiting.

# How to use run it

```console
$ go get -u github.com/kardianos/govendor
```
Make sure your default GOPATH is set up and that the path workspace's bin subdirectory is included to your PATH. You can add this to your .bash_profile:

```console
$ export PATH=$PATH:$(go env GOPATH)/bin
```

Now everytime you want to work on this project, always make sure this repository is your GOPATH. Just run

```console
$ export GOPATH=$(pwd) && export PATH=$PATH:$(pwd)/bin
```

Note that this will change your GOPATH. In order to restore the default GOPATH, just open a new Window of the terminal
if you wanna add a dependency for a module, make sure to add the go get command for it inside the module's make file, inside the install target.

To start install dependency you can do make install.

Commit message:

Switch to govendor for dependency management

README.md, after:

# study-abroad-bot

Bot for students to get informations for studying abroad

# configure repository

Run `make config` to configure this repository with the required clean and smudge filters. Clean and smudge filters are used to clean (format,
remove secret values, etc...) before commiting.

Make sure your default GOPATH is set up and that the path workspace's bin subdirectory is included to your PATH. You can add this to your .bash_profile:
```console
$ export PATH=$PATH:$(go env GOPATH)/bin
```

Now everytime you want to work on this project, always make sure this repository is your GOPATH. Just run

```console
$ export GOPATH=$(pwd) && export PATH=$PATH:$(pwd)/bin
```

# Dependencies
Dependencies are managed using govendor.

First you should install govendor by running:
```console
$ go get -u github.com/kardianos/govendor
```

After that, you should install all dependencies listed in the vendor.json file of each package.
To do that you need to run ```console $ govendor sync```inside the package directory.

# Running
You can run individual modules inside the gae folder. To run the admin module locally, go into the gae/admin-module and run:
```console`
$ dev_appserver.py app.yaml
``
